Update botometer assessment (#47)
ambanum/disinfo.quaidorsay.fr: _pages/encyclopedia/3-qualification/3-tools.md

Manual classification        | Estimated Botometer score range
-----------------------------|--------------------------------
undoubtedly inauthentic      | 4.2–5.0 score
apparently inauthentic       | 3.8–4.2 score

> probably inauthentic         | 3.2–3.8 score

Reviewer: > I had added an asterisk to show that it was both “perhaps authentic” and “perhaps inauthentic”.

Author: Ok but I cannot find the footnote.

Reviewer: Sorry it wasn't a footnote, it meant “both authentic and inauthentic”. Definitely not clear then 😉

perhaps                      | 2.0–3.2 score
probably authentic           | 1.4–2.0 score
apparently authentic         | 1.0–1.4 score
undoubtedly authentic        | 0.0–1.0 score

> 

Reviewer: Make it clear that the Botometer scores are based on data from the same time. Maybe remove any date specification at that stage and only describe the normalisation process later?

Botometer scores of the classified accounts were then calculated on May 22nd, 2019.

> This original dataset is largely unbalanced in favour of suspicious accounts, so we added a hundred of accounts that we know are authentic (friends and celebrities).

Reviewer: > was

?

> This original dataset is largely unbalanced in favour of suspicious accounts, so we added a hundred of accounts that we know are authentic (friends and celebrities).

Reviewer: When was that addition made?

Author: added

###### Limitations
{: .no_toc}

> 

Reviewer: Can't we just say that the data was the one from March 1st? I'm not sure it is “problematic” anymore, is it?

Author: `The two main clusters of accounts that were evaluated both as authentic or both as inauthentic by humans and Botometer, indicates that Botometer generally makes guesses similar to humans’, even in a non-English context.`

Author: I could not perfectly bend the time... some timelines are partial and I don't know if the mentions returned by a search 2 months later are the same. Also, I don't know exactly which features are used by Botometer (profile image, etc)

This time difference in computation is a human error and problematic, as some accounts were not available anymore and differences in assessment can also be induced by the time gap (a seemingly inauthentic account in February might become more human-like two months later, and the other way around). In order to mitigate this issue, we provided the Botometer API with timelines and mentions as close as possible to their value on March 1st, 2019. In particular, we discarded tweets newer than March 1st, 2019.

> This evaluation was made on a dataset that we built to be highly varied, however it cannot capture the diversity of both authentic and inauthetic accounts that can be found in the tweeter community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This evaluation was made on a dataset that we built to be highly varied, however it cannot capture the full diversity of both authentic and inauthentic accounts that can be found in the Twitter community.
```

###### Results
{: .no_toc}

![Botometer assessment](/assets/img/botometer-scatterplot.png)

> The two main clusters of accounts that were evaluated both as authentic or both as inauthentic by humans and Botometer, indicated that Botometer generally makes correct guesses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two main clusters of accounts that were evaluated both as authentic or both as inauthentic by humans and Botometer, indicating that Botometer generally makes guesses as correct as humans, even in a non-English context.
```

Author: `The two main clusters of accounts that were evaluated both as authentic or both as inauthentic by humans and Botometer, indicates that Botometer generally makes guesses similar to humans’, even in a non-English context.` ?

Reviewer: Ok without the apostrophe after “humans” 😉
